c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\ThemeResourceManager.exe.config
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\ThemeResourceManager.exe
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\ThemeResourceManager.pdb
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\ThemeResourceManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\Views\AddResourceWindow.g.cs
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\Views\ThemeManagerView.g.cs
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\ThemeResourceManager_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\ThemeResourceManager_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\Views\AddResourceWindow.baml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\Views\ThemeManagerView.baml
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\ThemeResourceManager.g.resources
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\ThemeResourceManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\ThemeResourceManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\ThemeResourceManager.exe
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\ThemeResourceManager.pdb
c:\users\codevalue\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ThemeResourceManager\ThemeResourceManager\obj\Debug\resources\sample.baml
